Qianjun
I'm your sister.
I am not I am not
He is Qianjun
But you look down on it now
Seven people Seven people are my greatest admiration for the Qing army
He is the Great Xia of Force
supreme
King over the world
The unparalleled Qing army at the beginning
Please be gentle when your subordinates have no north to protect you.
It's okay to get up
If you had come earlier
How can I see the ugliness of Baitu?
How can you see the domineering of the digital gods of war?
How can I see this Beijing king?
German coordination
Qingba, you are really Qingjun
When did I lie to you?
I told you to let the Tang family officials recover their integrity
Bring you back to the throne of the god of war
But when I say a word, no
Qin Fang, you can't be the Qing army
This is the Qing army
Give me an order from the king himself
If you were the Qing army
Why didn't you tell me?
Why didn't I tell you?
I'm afraid it will hurt your self-esteem
May you grow as you have repeatedly emphasized today
I did it to protect my pride
Just talking nonsense here
In fact, it is you who feel inferior to yourself
You know you're not strong enough
It's not a coincidence
The position of God of War is caused by luck
So you've been trembling
Use your arrogance to hide your inner inferiority
That's not true.
You shut up, I've been
In return for your kindness to me
And an apology for breaking up the marriage
I single-handedly promoted you to victory
Many times I secretly wish you to win the battle
I thought you would grow
pity
You have failed my expectations of you.
No military sail
No I don't have where I am today
All on my own strength
It has nothing to do with you.
No, you.
You are not a police station at all
Yan'an God of War
Abuse of heavy punches
Retake troops
Look at me
Take back the seat of the god of war
Descended nine levels in a row
Descended to Beijing
Clap your hands and go out